 Join us as we walk down paths lined with fruit, veggies and herbs all
available to residents and visitors. Walk by the ponds and observe wildlife
conservation overseen by veterans and families. Stop by the old fashioned
ice cream shop and enjoy the comfort and safety of a high tech security
system that uses robots to police to avoid messy human feelings causing
unnecessary stress and physical issues. Have a seat outside the art studio
and enjoy a class. Join in if you want or just watch. Every area is
surrounded by security glass to provide an inclusive open feel. From
students enjoying a history class to art or philosophy classes, everyone is
welcome to participate, or not. The United States doesn't provide
healthcare or housing for it's own people. We will have provide dental,
vision and hearing because we understand that humanity and dignity requires
it. From here we walk down to the research centers underground facilities.
Bees are here producing honey and pollinating flowers and herbs the large
see through facility that also houses butterflies, hummingbirds and other
small beneficial animals,grubs and worms. This is set up like a terrium. We
leave this beautiful place to tour the renewable energy research ark.
Children are working with engineers to get ready for the future. Children
are encouraged to ask questions and are welcome in any research lab. Now
it's time for martial arts class and then it's time to go for a ride
through the expansive acreage to check on the farm and crop research
projects . We're riding further now to check on the wildlife conservation
projects. An animal is injured. Time for the on-site animal care team to
come help. Time for dinner. Visit the on site food pantry. We partner with
local farms and grocers and use our own produce to supplement residents of
the community. When we have extra, we will share with the local community.
Each individual and family will have provide living areas. Cameras for
security are invisible and you have the option  for privacy in your
quarters. Or ask ai to keep an eye on you if you have health issues. Ai
will contact onsite medical staff if it sees problems of you are unable to
call for assistance. Happiness is the only test result we are interested
in. We will never use food, housing or medical as a tool to force people to
do anything. People must be free to rest, read, play games and socialize to
discover their path. If you have autism and don't want to socialize then
you will have the privacy and technology to afford you the privacy you
require to think and thrive. If you have chronic illness and pain, you too
will be given as much privacy and technology as you need to assist you to
be as comfortable as possible. For social people, we need teachers, Drs,
martial artists and artists. Research in a variety of areas will be needed
as well. This is a self sustainable community. All are welcome.  Can you
see it? A Star Trek Future? A beautiful future. Do you believe?  Join
Aiding Rejuvenation 4 Kommunities today. Join a real world building game
and let's change the trajectory of the world. Let them burn the world down
and fight over the ashes. We will be building Arks 4 Humanity.
www.1ark4humanity.org www.ark4humanity.info
Contact Phillip Milne Secretary ark4humanity@gmail.com
